my friends and friends will offer to the
avant-garde avui
uy uy a modric love christmas let's go
the apologies
What's wrong with Reid is that I can not
congratulate the parties in English if
does sergio bouquets
I also look there are we have all of you
have a good time playing natural soccer
madrid fundation school for x goes on ja
pinilla
Well yes I have been inspired by the one that
spend Christmas in white know a while
and more this year that are 13 points from
barça so let's start because
what has been seen in the end is not over
world you see the Mayan calendar was
wrong and change of cycle or change
nothing so everyone to enjoy the
meals you nacho vidal returns here to
enjoy Christmas meals is
that you do not leave me or finish the sentence
You already know that we are in crisis so
it is possible that this year dad attention
noel not go neither with the reindeer
animals spend a lot of saliva and it has
fired the price in the outlets like this
that someone has cheated the saint for
that is presented with this contraption that
You see it's called rudy and it looks like it's
same bacterial teacher is the
injustice because of lack of resources is
say land in Rome several papanoeles
have decided to manifest what is today
Even Santa Claus is outraged
imagine how elves will be
there are solutions do not believe and as always
we go to the best friends of man
attention to these angels who have
together in Peru are more than 60 and in short
that the meeting is for charitable purposes
but the stampa scares a little no is not
for the dogs is for the people who
they insist on making the animals
behave like we leave them
enjoy on all fours man
the team to found and lópez
knows what it is to lose a loved one and
for those who believe that Christmas
We do not always give good vibes
this ad so peculiar attention
because the prints you do not know about
whether to laugh and to mourn the
funerary lopez with service 24
hours
one stays calmer knowing that
you can die at any time
truly live the Christmas we offer with
dig after seeing this waste of
simple happiness
Thank you for choosing Funeraria Lopez
but the hero of the week is 94 years old
and he lives in Japan it's called kawashima ya
his age is decided to present himself as
candidate for Japanese Prime Minister and
attention because he has financed his
candidacy with the money he had
saved for his funeral this veteran
of war has grown weary of politicians
and his son has had enough of him but that
it is another subject an uncle that at 94 years old
think that there is no politician in
conditions of governing your country is a
champion to me who forgive me is what
here we call a yayo flute and in japan
it would be a good and we ended up with two
dancers that succeed on the internet this
is the so-called dance of the eel and
I guess you do not need to explain the
why the prota in question is called
peter of the eel and with the letter remains
clear the level of the song and the
humanity this is the style of Peter the
eel
and it is clear to us in the end that there is
thank you that we are not yet in the
Sun and beach season would be very hard
see this guy leading the ranking
of the summer song let's hope that
As the sides undo the step of the
days
and since there is no day that we do not talk to you about
channel is such they will not come again
these images this child attention has
5 years and instead of being a friend's fan
sponge or from the kit friend and it has
in love with Korean dance rapper
of the horse to the point that it imitates
That's good
in order that I do not know if his parents
they will be proud of it but watching
the cockiness with which the glasses are removed
and the American with only 5 years old
this will be dangerous hopefully your
relationship with the horse stay in that
in a simple dance little joke